hello and welcome back to another recipe
video on the menu today our Singapore
noodles I have no idea why this noodle
dish is named after Singapore as our
Singaporean friends have told us that it
is nothing to do with Singapore but what
I do know is that it tastes good and
it's very easy to make we have only used
shrimp but often people will add chicken
or pork
you could also experiment with other
vegetables and the mouth curry powder if
you don't want the dish to be too hot
on-screen now the ingredients for full
details check out our blog post I'll
link to that in the description box just
below this video ok so let's get started
first place 150 grams of rice vermicelli
noodles into a bowl of cool water and
leave them to soak for about 15 minutes
whilst the noodles are soaking beat one
egg and then heat one tablespoon of
cooking oil in a wok on a high heat and
once the wok is hot add half a chopped
onion and a quarter sliced red bell
pepper to the wok and stir-fry them for
about 90 seconds and then just set them
aside now heat one tablespoon of cooking
oil in the wok on a high heat and when
the wok is hot just fry 125 grams of
shrimp for a couple of minutes until the
shrimp are pink and cooked and then set
them aside with the onions and peppers
that we fried earlier next heat
one-and-a-half tablespoons of cooking
oil in a wok this time on a medium heat
and ensure that the old closed watt
completely once the wok is hot pour in
the egg that we beat earlier and to
swirl it around the wok in a circular
motion so that the egg covers the wok
and then just cook the omelet until its
light brown on both sides
and then thinly slice it as shown here
and set aside finally pour the remainder
of the cooking oil into the wok heat on
a high heat and then add two teaspoons
of hot curry powder briefly stir fried
the curry powder in the cooking oil then
drained the 150 grams of rice vermicelli
noodles that we were soaking and add
them to the wok mix the noodles in with
the curry powder and then add all of the
other ingredients that we prepared
earlier along with one and a half
tablespoons of soy sauce half a
tablespoon of sesame oil and one cup of
bean sprouts mix everything together
thoroughly whilst cooking for a final 1
to 2 minutes
garnish with coriander then serve and
enjoy so we hope you enjoyed our take on
Singapore noodles if you give it a try
do let us know in the comments what you
think and if you're interested in seeing
more Thai and Asian inspired recipes to
subscribe to our Channel we're releasing
new videos every Monday Wednesday and
Friday and we have lots of recipes still
to come so thanks again for watching and
hopefully we'll see you again on the
next video